Background
The effectiveness, and relevance, of the western sanctions on the Russian regime is constantly challenged in media (old and new) and by Russia and its allies. This is part of the information war, but long-term sustainability of sanctions policies requires popular support in western democracies, so the disinformation and popular narrative must be addressed heads on. And the best way to do that is to offer alternative analyses based on credible data and scientific methods coming from trusted sources. There are currently several different initiatives contributing to this mission, but in our conversations with decision makers and journalists we perceive that knowledge of these initiatives, an understanding of what sources to trust and not, and a sense for how to break through the constant noise of disinformation is missing. We are therefore contemplating the potential value of creating a collaboration between interested expert institutions with the purpose of making existing credible information and analysis of all relevant aspects of the impact of sanctions on the Russian economy available through one source.    
Purpose
For this first meeting, we see two main purposes. 
1.	An informal workshop for Swedish officials working directly with input to decision makers focusing on data/methods/findings.  
2.	A first informal round table discussion about:
•	The value and possibility of creating a collaboration to create a living document on, firstly, best practices for how to evaluate the impact of sanctions and, secondly, the current  assessment of the impact of western sanctions on Russia in all areas of relevance.
•	(If deemed valuable and possible) What could be the format of such a collaboration and such a document? How do we make sure this has added value, is deemed credible, creates the right incentives within participating partners, and reaches those we want to reach?
•	How to get this started in practical terms. Potential partners, steering group, MOUs of partner organizations, need for financing, etc.? 
Format
For the first part we envision short, informal, and frank presentations from experts working directly with the data and analysis on the strengths and challenges with current data and methods. Followed by a Q & A session.
For the second part, an informal roundtable discussion on the issues identified above.
